I have updated Cutomer and CustomerManages classes, and thus the default output file "customer.txt" now can  be used to save the info of different customers. Hence, all customers's info, such as username, password and others can be saved in the file when being registered, and they all can use their usernames and passwords to sign into the programme after having completed the registration process.
If youd like to to change the username and password, you can delete the output file "customer.txt" created by the programme, and it will automatically generate a new output file with a different username and password for you.

Since we have only 8 minutes, What you should say is how to use the programme by demonstrating how to sign up , sign in to have access to the menu and how use the menu, showing how the info of   the customers or users of the programme who are automatically recorded to an ouput file, by selecting option 2, and anything else you are sure of and feel comfortable with. 

For example: The program starts by creating an instance of CustomerManager class.
It displays a welcome message and prompts the user to register, sign in, or exit.
If the user chooses to register, it calls the registerForAccount() method.
If the user chooses to sign in, the program checks if the sign-in is successful by calling signIn(). If successful, it opens the menu using openMenu(). If not, it asks the user to try again. If the user types "exit", the program exits.
If the user enters an invalid choice, it prompts them to try again.
This program handles basic user authentication and interaction with a CustomerManager object, allowing for registration, sign-in, and interaction with the services after a successful sign-in.



USER GUIDE FOR USING VEHICLE SEARCH & SORT SERVICES

The programme can help you to search for a car by a model or an engine type or by both a model and an engine type of your choice, and similarly it can also help you find a truck by a model or a load capacity or by both a model or a load capacity. You can also see a list of users of the programme when you select option 2, and ad your info when you select option 1 on the menu. 
Option 3 shows you the total number of cars and trucks available in the list of vehicles. To have the vehicle list for your searching activity, you choose option 13 to load the vehicle list from our provided file of vehicles "vehicle.txt". Before loading, you should check whether there are vehicles in the list or not by selecting option 3 because in the provided file "vehicke.txt", there are 10 cars and trucks used for the demonstration of how the programme works, and each time when you select option 13 to load the provided vehicles, the programe loads the same number 10 cars and 10 trucks from the default file "vehicle.txt", and if you select option 13 two times, it will duplicate the same number of cars and trucks, which means that 10 additional indentical cars to the 10 existing cars, and 10 additional indentical trucks to the existing trucks will be added to the list of vehicle. For example, the list has 10 cars and 10 trucks, if you choose option 13 two times, the list of 10 cars and 10 trucks will be doubled to show 20 duplicate cars and  20 duplicate trucks.
Hence, you should always check the number of cars and the number of trucks by selecting  option 3 to make sure that you don't accidentially add identical cars and identical trucks to the list, which will make it look confusing 
You demonstrate how to get access to the programme's services by showing that
To access the menu of offered services, you need to register with the programme, just by providing your name phone number, username, password,  and other optional info, such as address, email, number of times you have used the programme.  Once you have completed the registration, you can sign in to start searching for a car or a truck from the list of available vehicles. You can also add cars or trucks to the existing list of vehicles for later use,  such as comparing them to pick one which you prefer or like the most.

You should created some symbolic customers to have them in the output file "custemers.txt" before the presentation to show that the CustomerManager class records all the users of the programme. For instance:

Sylvia|020 666 9999|10 Downing St, London, England.||0|sylvia|5cats
Kate|020 444 8888|||2|kate|x-mas
Louise|020 412 6855|20 Oxford St, London, England.|louise@hotmail.com|6|louise|newYear

The meanings of the output file "customers.txt" automatically-generated by CustomerManager class

There are 3 customers or users of the programme:

1) Name: Sylvia | Phone #: 020 666 9999| Addres: 10 Downing St, London, England.
number of times of usage of the programme: 0| Username: sylvia| Password: 5cats

2) Name: Kate| Phone #: 020 444 8888| Address: not provided| times of using the programme: 2 | Username: kate| Password: x-mas

3) Name: Loiuse| Phone #: 020 412 6855| Address: 20 Oxford St, London, England.|
email: louise@hotmail.com| times of using the programme: 6| Username: louise| Password:newYear

The users or customers must provide their name and phone number, usename, password in oder to sign up. Such addtional info as address, email are optional. You can press enter to skip or ignore optional questions during signing up



Here is how the menu works:
The menu of available actions allows the user to choose what to do. It keeps looping until the user chooses to quit. Each case corresponds to a specific action 
The menu options ensures that the user inputs a valid number corresponding to one of the options. If the input is invalid, it asks the user to try again.

Option 1: add a customer to the list.
This oprion is for you to take part in promotional programme which offers prices
such as free travel tickets to an exotic island with restaurant and hotel servces as a thank you for using our services, and other atractive prices.

Option 2 allows you to see the list of cusmtomers who are using the services

Option 3: shows the total number of cars and trucks available for your vehivle search

Option 4: Offers searching for a car by model. You can enter a car /truck bymodel of your choice, then it will find a car/ truck of the model in the list of vehicles for you 

Option 5: Offers searching for a vehicle by type. If you enter car, the programme will display all the available cars to you. If you enter truck, then it'll display all available trucks to you 

Option 6: Offers searching for car by engine type. You just enter an engine type of your choice, such as 3.5L, the programme will find all cars which have such an engine type

Option 7: Offers searching for a truck by load capacity. Ex, if you enter 6 tons, it will find a truck/ trucks with the load capacity of 6 tons to display to you.

Option 8: Offer searching for a car by model and engine type. This option can find a car which has a particular model and engine type for you

Option 9: Offer searching for a truck by model and load capacity. It can help you find a specific truck in the list of available trucks, which has the model and load capacity you are looking for 

Option 10: Allows you to add a car to the existing list of vehicles. 
To see if the car which you have added is already in the list of vehicles, you can select option 5 to search for a vehicle by type, and enter "car". The list of all available cars will show that the car is now in the list of available cars

Option 11: Allows you to add a truck to the existing list of vehicles. 
Fist, you select oprion 5 to search for a vehicle by type, and enter truck. The list of all available trucks will show that the truck is now in the list of available trucks

Option 12: Allows you to remove a car or a truck from the list of vehicle, by the index. 
How to remove a car: first select oprion 3 to see the numbers of cars and trucks. If there is none, you select option 13 to load cars and trucks from the provided file into the list, and select option 3 again to check if the vehicles have been loaded into the list. Then select option 5 to search for a vehicle by type, then enter "car" to see all available cars, and then select oprion 12, and enter the index of a car to remove. Ex, if you enter 0, the car "Honda Civic at index[0] will be removed from the list. You can select option 3 again to see the number of cars has been reduced from 10 cars to 9 cars. You select option 5 to search for a vehicle by type, and enter "car" again to see if the car has been removed from the list
similarly, you can remove a truck in the same way.

Option 14: for testing our classes and objects, such as private data, Node objects and LinkedList class' methods and composition.

you should practisee how to use all those 14 options to demonstrate them in your presentation without any confusion

